an anonymous Xbox engineered defends drm
the oculus rift raises 16 million
dollars for investors and the MMO sequel
to state of decay is in limbo on
commander Holly and/or rogue and is your
emag daily an anonymous Xbox engineer
has taken to paste bin to explain
Microsoft's drm and always online
policies in short the engineer says that
Xbox one is basically steam for your
console the engineer claims that DRM is
similar to steam and that you can log in
anywhere to play your games but the
difference is the xbox one will do this
automatically every 24 hours and the
point of DRM according to this anonymous
source to kill disk swapping scratch
disks bringing discs to friends houses
trade ins for value with nothing going
back to developers and high game costs
it's a bit extreme watch your language
the engineer likens the xbox one's road
to cloud content to that of steams early
days at launch steam was almost
universally loathed but it led to more
variety cheaper prices and higher profit
margins for developers whether or not
this person is a legit Xbox engineer he
or she does make some strong arguments
the team behind oculus rift has secured
16 million dollars for investors
bringing them one step closer to getting
the oculus rift in the hands of eager
gamers everywhere currently only those
who have backed the Kickstarter or are
willing to spend three hundred dollars
on a dev kit have access to the oculus
rift but this first and very lucrative
round of investments bodes well for the
consumer ready units investors such as
San topo ed of spark capital and Antonio
Rodriguez of matrix partners dumped
large sums of money into the project and
are now on the oculus rift board of
directors oculus rifts Kickstarter
campaign raised 2.5 million dollars
trumping is initial goal of 250 thousand
dollars together with the 16 million
from investors virtual reality gaming
may soon be within our virtual grasp the
sequel to xbla is runaway hit state of
decay is in limbo because the developer
undead labs and Microsoft can't reach a
mutually agreeable contract microsoft
owns the IP to the m
sequel codename class for which was part
of a deal that led to the funding and
development of state of decay according
to undead labs they can't begin to work
on the title until the two sides agree
on where the technology is heading in
the next few years and how they
collectively run and support the final
game to date state of decay has sold
over 500,000 copies on xbla with a pc
port coming to steam in the near future
if his success is any indicator expect
Microsoft and undead labs to reach an
agreement soon but for now discussions
are still in progress thanks for
watching remag daily everyone i'm
commander holly and i just wondered if
you guys have been playing the new
animal crossing game literally all my
friends have been playing the game and
it's been super super fun i have a town
with a penguin in it and a bunch of
peaches and I have little pink pig tails
and it's pretty great it's so happy and
no one kills each other unless you're
the animal crossing guy from smash
brothers in mid which case you're
killing everyone make sure to follow us
on twitter at holly conrad and at the
game station and we'll see you next time
you